Complete Core skeleton (#33)
datajoint-company/datajoint-docs: src/elements/concepts.md

An Element is a software package defining one or more DataJoint schemas serving a
particular purpose. By convention, such packages are hosted in individual GitHub
repositories. For example, Element `element_calcium_imaging` is hosted at

> [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/datajoint/element-calcium-imaging) and contains two DataJoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[this GitHub repository](https://github.com/datajoint/element-calcium-imaging) and contains two DataJoint
```

> [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/datajoint/element-calcium-imaging) and contains two DataJoint

Reviewer 2: Perhaps instead:

```
For example, Element [element_calcium_imaging](https://github.com/datajoint/element-calcium-imaging) contains two DataJoint
```

Reviewer 2: TBD in subsequent PR's.
